4 Little, did you know?
I was so scared when I saw you in the sea of flowers
I'm so afraid of losing you
That moment.
I suddenly realized how much you mean to me
I can't live without you
Remember to check it out.
Try it.
What to do? What to do?
Will Brother Yuan find out that it's me?
Brother, you have a way
Brother, what should I do? Please save me.
Xiaorong, what's the matter with you?
Brother Yuan seems to have found me here.
Brother, what should I do?
Brother Yuan, he won't let me go
It's alright, the sky is falling, and my brother is holding it.
You have a good rest now
You tell your brother where you are
Brother will find you right away
Brother, I'm at home now.
It's alright Ronaldinho
You walk slowly to the bed
Lie in bed and get a good night's sleep
Brother will come to find you right away